I see great things for you in the near future.  You are a person of respectable status, others look up to you and others look up to you and follow your lead. Work hard and you may come into something good soon.
You seem to be a loner.  Nothing that goes on around you has much of an affect.  You feel that others are always against you.  This week lighten up a little bit. Don't be afraid to make a new friend.
It is clear to me that you are or will be involved in a romantic escapade.  You will like this person but I fear he/she may not be the right one for you.  But you could always try and prove me wrong.
I can see a pretty easy week for you coming up.  Sit back and relax, this week  you can take a break from it all and who knows you may be in for some money.
Sorry, things aren't looking so good for you.  You may have had a bad week. I can sense frustration coming from you for some reason though I can't pinpoint it.  Wait a couple of days, calm down then go back after whatever it is that is troubling you.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. There's a grand trine in water signs today,  which is about as good as it gets. Well, there are a couple of complications, but you don't have to let those stop you. For example, there's some work to be done, probably something you promised. The chores should go by quickly because you're in such a good mood. 
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aries. You may have something of a dilemma today. You want to buy a toy for yourself, but you don't have quite enough money. If you're feeling a little pinched in your pocketbook, don't get depressed. Get busy. Go out and see if you can't find yourself a better job. Today and tomorrow are both excellent for doing that. 
The Sun is Leo and the Moon is in Aries. You could increase your income today. There's a definite link between your work, your career and your income, and it's positive right now. Everything looks good, so if there's no way to advance in the position you've got, then change positions. You deserve to make more money. Heaven knows, you've already thought of plenty of ways to spend it. 
The Sun is Taurus and the Moon is in Pisces. There's something you've wanted to do for ages, and it has to do with travel or love, or both. It could be a long trip you've wanted to take. Your sweetheart will think it's spontaneous, but for you, it's no surprise at all. Say what's been on your mind, and it might come true more easily than you imagined.
The Sun is Aries and the Moon is in Leo. Mars will be in Scorpio for the next few weeks. It's like having your own personal adrenaline-making machine, as if you needed one. You'll be clear, forceful, dynamic and, above all, loving. That's what makes the difference. Not only will you have a great time today, but it's likely that everyone around you will too. 
The Sun is Gemini and the Moon is in Pisces. Pay attention to what's going on even though you won't do everything yourself. Assume your natural position as leader. For example, if you're having a big barbecue, make sure everyone is delegated a task. Not only will you have a great time, but you'll also get the benefit of other people's expertise. 
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Sagitarius. Fun, frolic, friends, family and a maritime setting are your best combinations for a joyous celebration this weekend. You have been under stress lately, and it isn't over yet. Tomorrow, you might make some serious decisions. Today, instead of pondering them, give yourself a little bit of a break. 
The Sun is Virgo and the Moon is in Aries. Mars is going into Scorpio today, and that should generate a team spirit that you can use to your advantage. You like to call the shots, and you don't care whether others agree with you or not. The good news is that for the next few weeks, they probably will.
The Sun is Pisces and the Moon is in Virgo. Pay attention and soak up information today. You might think people are just talking about ordinary household things, but these might be the very things that will help with your business. There's nothing more important than learning how to manage time and money. If you're interested in that, listen up.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aries. An activity that's going to cost too much for the return you get is not a sound investment. You're not usually the one who says no, but today you might be. Have courage in your convictions. If the deal is a good one, it'll still be there Wednesday, and the price may have gone down by then. 
The Sun is Pisces and the Moon is in Cancer. You like to make sure everything turns out fair and square, and sometimes that's difficult to arrange, especially when people cannot seem to get along with each other. You may have a strong leader emerge, however. If this leader is heading in the right direction, counsel the others to follow, and everyone will succeed.
The Sun is Libra and the Moon is in Gemini. Your nerves could be jangled today. People are bickering and cannot seem to settle down. That's where you come in. You can help negotiate a settlement. Have the group vote, and they'll work out the compromise. All you have to do is convince them all that compromise is possible, and that won't be a problem.
The Sun is Aquarius and the Moon is in Pisces. Listen and watch today. You don't want to hurt anyone's feelings accidentally. If you move more slowly than usual, and make a special point of being polite to everyone, you'll have a marvelous experience. Make that your objective today, and you'll help create that for everyone else, too.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. You may feel a little foggy-headed, but you're pretty strong, so it shouldn't ruin all your fun. Good friends would like to get together with you, too. There's a little problem about the distances involved between you and them, but it's nothing that can't be overcome.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aries. This is probably a workday for you, but you would much rather be playing. That's how it is most of the time, but today it will be even more painful to wrench yourself away from the ones you love. Before you go, how about setting up something special? Planning and carrying out this scheme will brighten your whole day.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. Today, this grand trine in water signs enhances intuition. People communicate without saying much at all. It's a healing phase, and it won't last long. Use it as your excuse to hold a celebration, in honor of love. Of course, love is the most healing emotion of all.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aries. You've been planning, scheming, hoping, dreaming, and it's finally time to take action. The pressure is increasing by the minute. You might be able to stall for another day, but that's it. Maybe you're holding back because you're not sure how to proceed, but you're smart. You can learn. And, there's somebody nearby who wants to teach you.
The Sun is in Cancer and the Moon is in Scorpio. Somebody or something is in the way of where you want to go today. A partner will be handy in this situation. You two can get around the problem, but it may not happen as quickly as you'd like. It might be the end of the week before you can get past this obstacle.
The Sun is in Cancer, and the Moon is in Scorpio.There's a roadblock, a tough situation coming up. You'll have to be patient for the next few days in order to get your meaning across. Work through a partner, if necessary. Be creative and inventive, and move quickly. If you take decisive action now, you can save yourself even more trouble later.
The Sun is going into Leo, and the Moon is going into Sagittarius. Some of the coming changes will benefit you, but some may slow you down. That's fine, actually. You like to consider your moves carefully before you make them. Having a more leisurely pace may almost be to your advantage. Pay attention, though. When you spot a good bargain, you'll have to move quickly.
The Sun is in your sign, and the Moon and Saturn are in Taurus. Saturn is the stern teacher, delivering lessons through experience. You can bet there will be a lesson for you to learn by doing today. If you do it the wrong way first, have a good sense of humor about it, and do it again until you get it right.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Cancer. It looks like somebody dear to you wants all of your attention, but your friends would like some, too. You may have to postpone one activity to make time for the other, and that's always awkward. If you could put off your romantic encounter until tomorrow night, that might work out better all the way around.
Money is not as important as love, as you'll prove again this year. Sign up for a trip in July. Learn a new game the hard way in August. Show your love through your actions in October. A pleasant surprise comes from a partner in late November or December. Travel's best to a familiar location in February, to check obligations off your list. There's too much fun in April and too much work in May. 
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. There's a grand trine in water signs going on now.You're an analytical person. The emotional water signs take longer to say what's on their minds, but that doesn't mean that they're not thinking. Today, watch out for people who are sitting quietly. They may be the ones with all the answers. Treat them with respect.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aquarius, going into Pisces. Follow through with something you started yesterday. That might not be easy. Something might not happen when expected, or something you want might not be where you thought it was. At any rate, once all the problems are solved, the deal can come through, much to your mutual delight. Keep after it until that happens.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. It's going to be a great weekend for being with family and friends. There's a grand trine in water signs right now, and that brings out everybody's nurturing, cuddly side. If you can get together with people this weekend, definitely do so, especially if you can do it near a large body of water.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aries. This could be a good day to stash your money in a safe place. If you've been studying how to do that,congratulations. Now, it's time to put that new knowledge you've acquired to work, by choosing the best investment. If you haven't been studying,that might be something you'd like to take an interest in now.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Pisces. Today, you might want to stay close to home. Maybe you're not feeling well. Maybe company's coming. Maybe somebody else wants you to. But if a summer cold is keeping you confined, don't despair. It'll start clearing up by the first of the week.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Aquarius, going into Pisces. You might want to travel, but it's not a good time to do that. You'd be better off reading about where you want to go, making the plans and buying your tickets ahead of time. That's another way to save money, which you probably already know about.
The Sun is in Gemini, and the Moon is in Taurus. Today, it looks like you'll have to do what somebody else wants. The Moon and Saturn are both in your solar sixth house of service to others. So, be watching for what other people need, and be quick to provide it. You'll make a wonderful impression.
The Sun is in Gemini, and the Moon and Saturn are in Taurus. Taurus helps you calm down and focus  your attention so you can learn more easily, and Saturn helps you learn through experience. So today you can expect an educationally broadening experience. Are you practicing a skill you want to acquire?
The Sun is in Gemini. The Moon is in Taurus, squaring a couple of things, so it'll slow the whole process down. This is great. It's been a hectic last few days. Now things will settle down and you'll be able to figure out what's worth keeping and what needs to be cleaned up. Relax and enjoy it. You're good at it.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Cancer. There will be hassles today, and it looks like your sense of priorities will help again. You might even be able to charge money for it because it looks like some of the others can't seem to get themselves out of their own way. You'll have to be pretty agile yourself to keep from crashing over them.
The Sun is in Cancer and the Moon is in Capricorn, going into Aquarius. Today, you'll have the most fun early in the day. Later, you'll have to get down to work, and by then, it'll be important to do things quickly and efficiently. So, put all foolery aside. Make sure something that needs to get done today gets done, perfectly.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Gemini. Are you doing your work because it turns you on, or because you have to? If it's the latter, this is a great time to think about where to put in the correction. Could you take a class to upgrade your skills? You don't have to start it now, but this would be a good day to start taking steps in that direction.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Gemini. The focus is still on finances, how to get more money, how to save it and how to spend it wisely. Get a couple wealthy friends to talk about how they made their money, and put some of those tricks to work for yourself. It could happen, but it won't be an accident if it does.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Gemini. Love is plentiful, but there's a bit of tension in the air, as well. There are changes taking place, some you might be doing on purpose, others that seem to be out of your control. That always tends to make you edgy. If one of the changes involves your work, take heart. It could mean an increase in income.
The Sun is in Gemini, and the Moon has gone into Taurus. You get to calm down a little today. Perhaps a partner can help you with some of your chores. Somebody wants to form a partnership agreement with you. Look over the terms very carefully, because whatever you agree to, you may be stuck with for a long time.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Cancer. Travel looks enticing, but don't even try it right now. You could be in for all sorts of hassles and unexpected predicaments. Even communications over the Internet or the telephone could become garbled. Don't base a decision on what one person says. Wait until you get better verification from two or three different sources.
The Sun is Cancer and the Moon is in Gemini. You might feel like you should be working harder, but don't let it stress you out. The Gemini Moon is enticing you to go out and have fun. You like to talk about far-out ideas, and if you've got someone to do that with, get together today. You might solve all the world's problems and then some.
The Sun is in the last few degrees of Cancer, and the Moon is in Scorpio. People are stubborn today. They're all sure they're right, but they all have different ideas. The stress may be starting to interfere with your personal life, and that's not good. To get past this, provide the data that supports your plan. One of the others may point out an error, so don't be too arrogant about it. Be open to suggestions.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Cancer. People who are supposed to be one place will turn up somewhere else. Something that you thought was going to arrive today could get lost in the mail, and something you didn't expect until next week could arrive. Yesterday, you were asked to abandon logic. Today, you may have to abandon your schedule altogether.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Cancer. It looks like there are complications that could disrupt your romantic endeavors. If you put off your date until tomorrow night, the romantic part will go better, but you may have to go back to work afterward. Keep the communication channels open, and  everything will work out fine.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Leo. It looks like a heavy workday coming up. You've got other things on your mind, unfortunately, and that could cause complications. If you and your sweetheart can work on the project together, your relationship could grow stronger instead of being weakened by this situation. Besides, you'll get the job done sooner.
The Sun is in Gemini and the Moon is in Leo. You could find a real bargain on the very thing you've been wanting for your home. You'll have to move quickly, but it'll be worth going out of your way. You'll hear about it from a friend, most likely, so if you do get tipped off to a hot deal, move quickly.