1. You might be a redneck if More than one living relative is named after a southern civil war general. 
2. Your front porch collapses and more than six dogs are killed. 
3. You might be a redneck if You've ever used lard in bed. 
4. You might be a redneck if Your home has more miles on it than your car. 
5. You might be a redneck if You think that potted meat on a saltine is an hors d'ouerve. 
6. You might be a redneck if There is a stuffed pposum anywhere in your house. 
7. You might be a redneck if You consider a six-pack and a bug-zapper high-quality entertainment. 
8. You might be a redneck if Fewer than half of your cars run. 
9. Why are there no dumb brunettes?  Peroxide.
10. What does a blonde say when she gives birth? What does a blonde say when she gives birth?
11. How does a blonde interpret 6.9? A 69 interrupted by a period.
12. What did the blonde name her pet zebra? Spot
13. What is the difference between a blonde and a 747?  Not everyone has been in a 747.
14. Did you hear about the blond guy whose wife gave birth to twins?  He wanted to know who the other man was.
15. What's the difference between a pitbull and a woman with PMS?   Pitbulls don't wear lipstick.
16. What did the blonde think of the new computer? She didn`t like it because she couldn`t get channel 9.
17. What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?  They`ve both swallowed a lot of seamen.
18. Why did the Blonde get fired at the M & M factory? Becasue she threw out all the W`s.
19. Why do blondes wear red lipstick? Because red means, "Stop! Wrong hole."
20. What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?" "No, I just lie there."
21. What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot? Bigfoot has been spotted
22. What do you call two nuns and a blonde? Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
23. What`s the first thing a blonde does when you pick her up for a date? She heads for the backseat of your car
24. How did the blonde burn her nose? Bobbing for French fries.
25. What is a blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?  She`s trying to hold on to a thought
25. How do you describe 3 prostitutes and a blonde? Ho, Ho, Ho, and to all a good night
26. What do you call a blonde with a high IQ? A Golden Retreiver.
27. What does a blonde put behind her ears to make her more attractive? Her ankles.
28. Why do blondes like Christmas? It`s the only time they can get gifts without having to lay on their backs
29. What do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground? An air mattress.
30. What do you call a blonde with a dollar on the top of their head? All you can eat under a buck
77. You mighe be a redneck if the biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid you'll wear to the 4-H Fair. 
78. You might be a redneck if You have flowers planted in a bathromm appliance in your front yard. 
79. You might be a redneck if Someone in your family says "Cum'n heer an' lookit this afore I flush it." 
80. You might be a redneck if Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator. 
81. You might be a redneck if You mow your lawn and find a car. 
84. You might be a redneck if You are still holding on to Confederate money because you think the South will rise again. 
85. You might be a redneck if You consider pork and beans to be a gourmet food. 
86. You might be a redneck if You have to go down to the creek to take a bath. 
87. You might be a redneck if You participate in the "who can spit tobacco the farthest contest". 
88. You might be a redneck if You roll you hair with soup cans and wash it once a year. 
90. You might be a redneck if There is a sheet hanging in your closet and a gun rack hanging in your truck. 
91. You might be a redneck if You think the Mountain Men in deliverance were just "Misunderstood". 
92. You might be a redneck if You've ever made change in the offering plate. 
93. You might be a redneck if If the fifth grade is referred to as "your senior year," 
95. You might be a redneck if You own at least 20 baseball hats. 
96. You might be a redneck if You know of at least six different ways to bend the bill of a baseball hat. 
97. You might be a redneck if You can change the oil in your truck without ducking your head. 
98. You might be a redneck if When you run out of gas, you put gin in the gas tank! 
100. You might be a redneck if Three quarters of the clothes you own have LOGOS on them. 
102. You might be a redneck if you have 5 cars that are immobile and house that is! 
103. You might be a redneck if You gene pool doesn't have a "deep end" 
105. You might be a redneck if Your `huntin dawg´ cost more than the truck you drive him around in. 
106. You might be a redneck if You´d rather catch bass than get some (if you can´t guess...) 
107. You might be a redneck if You have a Hefty bag for a Car/Truck convertable top. 
108. You might be a redneck if Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds. 
109. You might be a redneck if You think that safe sex is a padded headboard on the waterbed. 
110. You might be a redneck if You have an Elvis Jell-o mold. 
111. You might be a redneck if You own more cowboy boots than sneakers. 
112. You might be a redneck if You've been to a funeral and there were more pick-ups than cars. 
113. You might be a redneck if You have a picture of Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, or Elvis over your fireplace. 
114. You might be a redneck if You just bought an 8-track player to put in your car. 
116. You might be a redneck if There are four or more cars up on blocks in the front yard. 
117. You might be a redneck if The theme song at your high school prom was `Friends in Low Placces´ 
118. You might be a redneck if It´s Easier to spray weed killer on your lawn than mow it. 
120. You might be a redneck if You've ever climbed a water tower with a bucket of paint to defend your sister's honor. 
121. You might be a redneck if You idea of talking during sex is "Ain't no cars coming, baby!" 
122. You might be a redneck if Your vehicle has a two-tone paint job--primer red and primer gray. 
123. You might be a redneck if The tobacco chewers in your family aren't just men. 
124. You might be a redneck if Yer mom calls ya over t'help, cause she has a flat tire...on her house 
125. You might be a redneck if The ASPCA raids yer kitchen 
127. You might be a redneck if Foreplay consists of slipping off her saddle 
128. You might be a redneck if Ya can't get married to yer sweetheart cause there is a law against it. 
129. You might be a redneck if Ya celebrate groundhog day (cause ya believe in it!!) 
130. You might be a redneck if You've been on TV more than 5 times describing the sound of a tornado, 
131. You might be a redneck if You fish in your above-ground pool, especially if you catch something! 
132. You might be a redneck if when a sign that says "Say No To Crack!" reminds you to pull up your jeans. 
134. You might be a redneck if Your beer can collection is considered a tourist attraction in your home town. 
135. You might be a redneck if you wake up with both a black eye and a hickey. 
136. You might be a redneck if getting a package from your post office requires a full tank of gas in the truck. 
137. You might be a redneck if "Buck Naked Line Dancing" isn't a videotape, it's "Ladies Night" at the local bar. 
139. You might be a redneck if You dated your daddy's current wife in high school. 
140. You might be a redneck if You're moved to tears everytime you hear Dolly Parton singing "I Will Always Love You". 
142. You might be a redneck if You grow Vidalia onions, rather than considering them a gourmet item. 
143. You might be a redneck if Your Momma would rather go the racetrack than the Kennedy Center. (Clinton true-life story)
145. You might be a redneck if The most serious loss from the earthquake was your Conway Twitty record collection (you insurance man is one too if he pays you for it). 
146. You might be a redneck if You actually made a pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight with Alan Jackson. 
147. You might be a redneck if You have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education. 
148. You might be a redneck if You've ever hit a deer with your car... on purpose! " 
149. You might be a redneck if You can tell your age by the number of rings in the bathtub. 
150. You might be a redneck if Your mom gives you tips on how to sneak booze into sporting events. 
151. You might be a redneck if You've ever parked a Camero in a tree. 
152. You might be a redneck if Exxon and Conoco have offered you royalties for your hair. 
153. You might be a redneck if Your dad is also your favorite uncle. 
154. You might be a redneck if The blue book value of your truck goes up and down depending on how much gas it has in it. 
155. You might be a redneck if Your classes at school were cancelled because the path to the restroom was flooded. 
156. You might be a redneck if On your job application under "SEX" you put "As often as possible". 
157. You might be a redneck if During your senior year you and your mother had homeroom together. 
158. You might be a redneck if You're a lite beer drinker, because you start drinking when it gets light. 
159. You might be a redneck if On your first date you had to ask your Dad to borrow the keys to the tractor. 
160. You might be a redneck if Your parakeet knows the phrase "Open up, Police!". 
161. You might be a redneck if You saved lots of money on your honeymoon by going deerhunting. 
162. You might be a redneck if In tough situations you ask yourself, "What would Curly do?". 
163. You might be a redneck if Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen. 
164. You might be a redneck if You think the last words to the Star Spangled Banner are "Gentlemen, start your engines."
165. You might be a redneck if Your child's first words are "Attention K-Mart shoppers!". 
166. You might be a redneck if Your wife's best pair of shoes are steel-toed Red Wings. 
167. You might be a redneck if You have a color coordinating rope that ties down your car hood. 
168. You might be a redneck if You bring your dog to work with you. 
169. You might be a redneck if the nearest stock market has a fence around it.
170. What's the difference between Bill Clinton and the Titanic?  They have a pretty good count on how many people went down on the Titanic. 
171. If the President and Vice President were in a boat and got shipwrecked, who would be saved?   America
172. In a survey of American women, when asked, Would you sleep with President Clinton?   86% replied, Not again.
173. What is Bill's definition of safe sex?  When Hillary is out of town.
174. What does Bill say to Hillary after a romantic interlude?  Honey, I'll be home in 20 minutes.
175. What's the definition of an Arkansas Virgin?  A girl that can run faster than the Governor. 
176. Why did the blonde have square tits?  Because she forgot to take the tissues out of the boxes. 
177. What do you call a blonde with half a brain?  Gifted!
178. How do blonde brain cells die?  Alone...
179. What does a blonde and a beer bottle have in common?  They're both empty from the neck up.
180. What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence
181. What is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? The mosquito stops sucking after you smack it.
182. How did the blonde die ice fishing?  She was run over by the zambonis machine.
183. How did the dumb blonde break her leg raking leaves?  She fell out of the tree.
184. How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  She threw it off a cliff. 
185. How does a blonde try to kill a fish? She tried to drown it.
186. How does a blonde try to kill a worm?  She buries it.
187. What is the difference between a smart blonde and bigfoot?  Bigfoot has been sighted.
188. Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? You can park in the handicap zone. 
189. What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is working?  Yes. no. yes. no. yes. no...
190. What goes VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH? A blonde going through a flashing red light.
191. How do you change a blonde's mind?  Blow in her ear.
192. How did the blonde die drinking milk?  The cow fell on her. 
193. What do you say to a Blonde that won't give in?  Have another beer.
194. What do Blondes say after sex?  Thanks Guys.
195. How do you get a blond out of a tree?  Wave to her
196. Why did the blonde scale the chain-link fence?  To see what was on the other side.  To see what was on the other side.
197. Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?    From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK".
198. Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?  In case she locks the keys in her car.
199. Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?  Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.
200. Why did the blonde call the welfare office?  She wanted to know how to cook food stamps!
201. What did the blond yell when the escalator she was on stopped?  Help I'm stuck!
202. Why can't blondes put in light bulbs?  They keep breaking them with the hammers.
203. Why was the blonde upset when she got her Driver's License?  Because she got an F in sex.
204. What goes VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH? A blonde going through a flashing red light.
205. Why was the blond's belly button sore? Her boyfriend was blond too!
206. What do blondes say after sex? Are you boys all in the same band?
207. When is it legal to shoot a blonde in the head? When you have a tire pump to reinflate it.
208. How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
209. What do you call it when a blonde gets taken over by a demon?  A vacant possession
210. What do you see when you look into a blonde`s eyes?  The back of her head.
211. You might be a redneck if you get married 3 times and still have the same reletives.
212. You may be a redneck if you mow your lawn and find a car.
213. You might be a redneck if people go by your house and think that your having a yard sale.
214. You might be a redneck if you go to family reunions to meet women.
215. You might be a redneck if you play "Sweet home alabama" on your touch tone phone.
216. You might be a redneck if the first thing you get for your brand new truck is a gun rack.
217. You might be a redneck if your momma has "ammo" on her christmas list.
218. You might be a redneck if your family recipe is illegal.
219. You might be a redneck if your dad walks you to school because you're both in the same grade.
220. You might be a redneck if you always have a can of RAID on
221. You might be a redneck if you think that duct tape is chrome!
222. You might be a redneck if your father drives you to school because your both in the same grade
223. Your mama is so stupid, she climbed over a clear glass wall to see what was on the other side.
224. Your mama is so fat, when she went bungee jumping, the cord snapped and she went straight to hell.
225. Your mama is so hairy, she uses her armpit to brush her teeth.
226. Your mama is so dirty, until she took a shower I thought she was black